day 245 of the impeachment trial of
everyone's favorite dictator tot Donald
Trump I don't know if you've been
watching but the president has been
watching and tweeting he got things
going bright and early today with a
light sprinkling of witness intimidation
directed at his former national security
adviser John Bolton he wrote for a guy
who couldn't get improved for the
ambassador to the UN years ago couldn't
get approved for anything since begged
me for a non senator proof job which I
gave him despite many saying don't do it
sir takes the job mistakenly says Libyan
model on TV and many more mistakes of
judgment gets fired because frankly if I
listened to him we would be in World War
6 by now and goes out and immediately
writes a nasty and untrue book all
classified national security who would
do this here's a better question who
would be stupid enough to hire the
person you just described
it's not true why is it a national
security issue this is quite an argument
everybody told me not to hire John
Bolton
so I did and he sucks Trump has all
worked up about John Bolton's book in
which he reportedly says the president
personally told him he was holding up
the aid to Ukraine in exchange for dirt
on the Biden family the White House
doesn't want anyone to read this they
sent a threatening letter telling them
he's not allowed to publish the book
because it appears to contain
significant amounts of classified
information which is funny coming from
the guy who give the nuclear codes to
anyone standing in line at the Mara Lago
omelet bar but I don't think the letter
will work the only way to keep my job
Bolton from talking now is really for
Trump to have sex with them and pay him
$130,000 meanwhile Vanity Fair is
reporting John Bolton told a bunch of
GOP donors that Trump is quote mentally
unstable yeah you think what was the
tip-off what was it when he drew on the
map and insisted it was whether or when
he cancelled a meeting with Denmark
because they wouldn't sell him Greenland
which what gave it away
John Bolton is not an easy target for
the Trump urge to go after he's a
hardcore longtime well-respected
Republican who until this week Donald
Trump said he got along with very well
John Bolton I get along well with him
some people didn't some people didn't
like John Bolton I actually got along
with him pretty well the legendary John
Bolton John Bolton is doing a great job
I like John bolt I always got along with
him I've actually gotten along with John
Bolton John Bolton is here someplace
where's John
great job oh yeah now he hates him now
tomorrow it'll be I never met John
Bolton I don't even know that a vast
majority of Americans 75% of voters
believe witnesses should be called to
the trial but 98% of Republican senators
don't it's unclear if the Democrats will
be able to get the four Republican votes
they need to make it happen I've been
doing my part to motivate one Republican
senator in particular on this MIT Romney
has indicated yet he would like to hear
from Bolton so last night I encouraged
people to cheer MIT on using the hashtag
mint or get off the pot and to further
anti Senator Romney I offered to send
him his two favorite things which are
Twinkies and milk in fact we sent
Twinkie the kid and full grilled dairy
cow to the Senate floor for him today he
didn't seem to notice the cow there but
by the way do you have any idea how much
it cost of FedEx a cow and a human being
a lot but I like where we're headed
Romney yesterday Romney was spotted with
a contraband bottle of chocolate milk
they did Apple eat a sketch of and how
to play a courtroom sketch oven but he
it's against the rules but he drank it
anyway because that's who he is now he's
a rebel
today was the question-and-answer
portion of the trial tomorrow we move on
to the swimsuit competition but the way
it work today as senators were asked to
write their questions on note cards
which Chief Justice John Roberts then
read aloud it was like an episode of
whose line is it anyway sadly no one
asks any good questions like senator
Cruz what kind of porn is your favorite
to watch I guess that's why I'm not in
the Senate I wish I was up this trial
needs somebody to cut through the
nonsense
if I could go up there in front of the
Senate and present my thoughts I think I
could save us all a lot of time I do it
just like this let me show you
[Music]
all right members of the Senate please
put down your fidget spinners and listen
up I know all of you are ready to wrap
this up and get back home to your
walk-in bathtub so let's get to it shall
we
here's the deal number one he did it and
you all know it don't give me that look
Lindsay oh no you know he did it because
you don't want witnesses or documents
because witnesses and documents will say
he did it next card is what the
President did impeachable yes it is
totally what Trump did is exactly why we
have impeachment checks and balances are
at the heart of the Constitution this is
what our founding fathers fought for and
if you don't believe me go way back in
time ask Bill from Bill and Ted because
Bill
Wow just saying this is what the
founding fathers publish that right bill
that's right Jimmy that's totally what
these dudes had in mind checks and
balances see thank you Bill yeah and
founding fathers what say you thank you
Bill give my best to Ted well yeah I
will come on guys they got a hooters
next door fathers the Constitution is
supposed to protect us from a president
like Donald Trump and you guys Congress
is supposed to protect the Constitution
unfortunately you're scared you're
scared to go against him because his
supporters will eat you like Trump eats
his breakfast bucket of Kentucky Fried
Chicken you're in a tough spot unless
you do exactly as I say listen up here's
the plan first you're gonna change the
rules to make the vote by secret ballot
next you're going to remove this stupid
ape like you all secretly want to do
even you Lindsey that's right and then
when you're ready at constituents freak
out you're gonna do what Donald Trump
does you're gonna lie you're gonna swear
it wasn't you everyone who's going to
pretend to be outraged about what your
colleagues did to poor Donny Kofi Fay
and then we can get rid of him and move
on with our lives
oh thank you
members of Congress I yield the balance
of my time
[Music]
[Applause]
all right thank you hey you're supposed
to stay there and yield oh yeah
sometimes yielding can be confusing but
by the way impeachment isn't the only
high stakes battle happening right now
Monday is the Iowa caucus several
Democrats who are running have been
unable to campaign there because they've
been stuck in the Senate for this trial
but not Joe Biden Joe Biden out of Town
Hall last night at which he had to
contend with a very loud reporter from
CBS one other candidate Joe Biden is
gonna have to worry about is well not
competing here in Iowa former New York
Mayor Michael Bloomberg is now placing
fourth in national polls a little more
than a month before he first appear on
ballots on Super Tuesday Nora
it looks like Joe Biden is about to
approach former New York Mayor Michael
Bloomberg is not going to Iowa instead
he's trying to win voters with a barrage
of TV spots like this Mike's not afraid
that the NRA not one bit
trust me I will get it done yeah get it
done yes he does not tweet oh like my I
like Mike I lick Mike
myk's flushing all his money down the
toilet that I drink out of I'm Mike
Bloomberg and I approve this message hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this holiday
season by my new book the serious goose
I wrote it and drew it all the money I
make goes to children's hospitals across
the country and if you don't support
that you are a box